Add CONTRIBUTING.md and governance.md documents (#17)
ros-realtime/community: governance.md

# Governance

> See the [WG section of the ROS 2 Project Governance page](https://index.ros.org/doc/ros2/Governance/#working-groups-wgs).

Reviewer: might as well update the link!

```suggestion
See the [WG section of the ROS 2 Project Governance page](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Governance.html#working-groups-wgs).
```

Author: I fixed it locally (I saw the commit suggestion afterward)
